Add release notes for 5.21 (#534)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

#### ChefRedundantCode/StringPropertyWithNilDefault

The `ChefRedundantCode/StringPropertyWithNilDefault` cop detects String type resource properties that set their default value to `nil`. All String type properties default to `nil` so this does not need to be set.

#### ChefRedundantCode/PropertySplatRegex

The `ChefRedundantCode/PropertySplatRegex` cop detects String type resource that validate their input with a regex of `/.*/`. This regex will match on any String value and is not necessary.

### Other fixes and changes

- `ChefDeprecations/IncludingYumDNFCompatRecipe` will now remove any inline conditionals around the `include_recipe` statement during autocorrection so that it does not leave behind invalid Ruby.
- `ChefDeprecations/WindowsTaskChangeAction` will no longer fail when the action value is not a String type value.
- `ChefSharing/InvalidLicenseString` will not autocorrect `apache v2` to `Apache-2.0`.
- `Layout/EndAlignment` and `Layout/DefEndAlignment` now have autocorrection enabled to eliminate the need for manually fixing indentation in cookbooks.
- `ChefStyle/UsePlatformHelpers` now detects and autocorrects `node['platform'].eql?()` usage.

> - `Style/ModuleFunction` cop has been disabled as this caused libraries helpers to fail to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Style/ModuleFunction` cop has been disabled because this caused library helpers to fail to load.
```

- All metadata cops now properly autocorrect legacy metadata that included HEREDOCs.

> - The `TargetRubyVersion` is now set to 2.3 to match that Ruby that shipped in Chef Infra Client 12. This config value is used to enable/disable cops and autocorrection that may break Ruby code in these older Chef Infra Client releases. If you're on a later release of Chef Infra Client you can set this value to Ruby 2.6 to enable additional cops and autocorrection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `TargetRubyVersion` is now set to 2.3 to match the version of Ruby that shipped in Chef Infra Client 12. This config value is used to enable/disable cops and autocorrection that may break Ruby code in these older Chef Infra Client releases. If you are on a later release of Chef Infra Client, you can set this value to Ruby 2.6 to enable additional cops and autocorrection.
```
